debt accumulates and is burdensome no
longer can Nations withstand any more
debt without creating a major issue down
the road the debt has become
unpayable in most Nations each
individual contributes to that debt and
in fact right now we are in the most
amount of debt ever well that's why you
came here for the truth so let's look
today
at US Canada being in the most death
ever I have various articles and um
indicators to look at but I want to make
it very brief so let's look at this
Americans are dying with an average of
$662,000 in
debt when you realize that an individual
holds on to this debt throughout their
lives they can not pay off their
mortgages they cannot pay off their
credit card debt and lines of credit and
everything else you realize that there
is a situation it's not just a choice
that a lot of people are making they
simply do not have the money sure there
are some who refuse who may be able to
pay off the debt but they choose not to
but I feel based on the statistics that
I have read is that people are just
simply cash strapped they don't have the
money to pay off their debt they end up
passing it along that's not just for the
us but I've seen that pretty much all
over the
world
maximizing the amount of debt that one
has seems to be a
trend moving to Canada household debt
hits a fresh record with Canadians owing
two trillion dollar and the reason that
$2 trillion dollar of debt household
debt is significant something I'll show
you in the next article when you look at
debt you need to understand there's
different types of that there's
corporate debt there's the national debt
and there is household debt just to name
a few household debt I believe is
critical because it shows you the
individual it shows you how people are
doing today if they have to consume a
Max imum amount of that then they
probably don't have the cash on hand
when interest rates are
low there's an incentive not to save to
borrow
more however I would say that people
seem
to you know they wouldn't be maxing out
on the amount of debt that they could be
this is just what's happening right now
Canada is a particular um instance that
you have a lot of debt simply because of
the housing prices
this is out of the financial
post for the first time the level of
debt held by Canadians has
exceeded the country's GDP gross
domestic product as the red ink spilled
over the second quarter to
10.5% of the GDP up from
98.7% during the previous 3month period
so a massive Spike which had occurred in
a very short period of time people are
buying houses here in Toronto let's take
the example where you have homes that
cost on
average in the greater Toronto area
let's say the area surrounding
Toronto well over
$700,000 the wages though you would
expect okay well if a house cost
$700,000 then people are getting paid a
lot of money well actually no they're
not so people just take on debt more and
more and more and more and more debt
they'll never probably be able to pay it
back if interest rates go up 250 basis
points this is according to the biz the
bank for international settlements 250
basis points from where they are today
and right now you're looking at
.5% you will have an economic crisis
that is not the money GPS that is not in
the global economic collapse reading a
quote from it no no that's the biz the
bank for international settlements they
said it I didn't I happen to agree with
it though so this right here is
basically just showing you the amount in
Canada look around the world look at
what you have you have negative interest
rates you have low interest rates you
have risk and fragility appearing all
over the place and it doesn't seem to be
geographically focused at all it's all
over the
globe housing debt student loans credit
card auto loans credit inquiries we're
looking here right to the fed's own
report okay and what we have is
different types of debt I'm only going
to cover just a couple quick points the
one that I really wanted to mention is
right here you're looking at
11.2% of aggregate student loan debt was
90 plus days delinquent or in
default student Deb is the biggest
bubble and I believe it says in this
report here that's actually bigger than
and many of the other bumbles that had
appeared during the financial crisis if
I'm not mistaken it was a housing one
portion of the housing
bubble there's
617 billion in newly originated
mortgages this quarter the highest level
since oh
no financial crisis just before
everything particularly in the housing
sector started to take a
dip mortgage is once again being pushed
out there maximizing the amount of debt
that people are in by the way this is
the
US maximizing the amount of debt that
people are in and of course you have a
situation leading up to again the
financial crisis part two there's many
more instances here of the debt that
people have accumulated why this is
dangerous it doesn't take a genius
rocket scientist to figure this out so
take a look at it for yourself and I
think that it is uh important you could
pause the video or you can just look at
the link after it'll be in the
description if you're interested and I
thought this was interesting I want to
bring it up to you it's a little
unrelated but Microsoft has so far
refused to refal how it modified its
Windows 10 version for use in China for
the Chinese
government and you know Wall Street
Journal had report on this and they've
even told the China Daily we've already
developed the first version of Windows
10 government secure
system they've developed this Chinese
government friendly version of the
software in partnership with the
state-owned China Electronics Technology
Group it's been tested by the large
Enterprise customers okay so what we
have here
is collaboration now I don't think this
necessarily a bad
thing I just note that there is a lot of
back doors that are being put into the
systems that we use today it's just a
matter of fact and then you look at
everything that's happened with the CIA
spying the NSA spying they're making a
big deal about what's happening with you
know Trump being spied on we're all
being spied on we're all being
surveilled you know they formulate these
lists of who's being SP on and all this
stuff we're all every single one of us
right now they're listening to my voice
they're listening to your voice they're
hearing this come out of your computers
and your phones they're listening to you
talk to your family on the phone they're
recording it they're databasing it when
you drive down the street all of those
cameras are taking pictures of your
license plate they know where you are
they then synchronize that with the GPS
in your phone the GPS in your car the
fact that your computer has a chip
inside of it that wirelessly when it's
off wirelessly sends out signals for
what
purpose you tell me this is all being
done according to their plans it's been
admitted it's been documented it doesn't
take a genius to figure this out all you
have to do is open your eyes and what I
look at the stock markets when I look at
the true indicators that we have today
everything spells disaster am I saying
that it's going to crash in a
deflationary environment no look at
Venezuela look at what happened it's
crashing but it's crashing on the way up
dramatically it's a an incredible rise
in the stock
market but it's being devalued devalued
significantly I don't know the way it's
going to go all I know is that things on
the inside on the real inside are
getting really really
bad so if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a thumbs up it helps to
push these videos higher up in the
YouTube search rankings people will then
be able to see them they'll know that
this is good content you don't
necessarily have to share it on your
Facebook and Twitter and all that
although I do appreciate that doing just
you know giving a thumbs up commenting
when you subscribe to the channel this
helps push everything up so I do
appreciate that very much if you found
the video informative I know you'll find
my books even more informative so when
you go over to Amazon they have this
look inside feature and it's going to
allow you to flip through the pages of
these books and see if you like it this
is the description brief little intro to
these books if you want to take a look
and read that take care